Quasi - Desync

A world of virtual-reality addicted people where everyone has a set, and the world has been cloned in VR to allow people to walk anywhere.
Conspiracy and instability within the Virtual begins due to (impactful event) and soon holes to exploit in the world appear for the player
When reaching the center of the conspiracy you discover that a girl is being held hostage as the processing unit of the virtual-reality world in the highest-security location in Virtual.
Because of some quirk she awakes from her painful stasis slightly and notices you. Slowly a light romance builds and the climax is to successfully free her, and everyone from the simulation.
Game plays as a blend in but be out of the box, spy-like action and stealth, exploration to find the holes. Flipping to the real world can allow bypassing things in Virtual.

Characters:

Corenna: The lady of the machine. An enigmatic force with a tragic backstory. Not older than 17. She is not truly free from Virtual until well outside the city.
When awoken in Virtual she will lash out at you half-heartedly but calm down after you disable some stasis systems. She has lots of interesting effects on Virtual
and control but this gets weaker the farther you get from virtual.

Aren: Our main character with a special relation to Virtual. Always seems like an outsider. We join them as they are being released from prison. Can't remember anything prior.
Something nags them that their past is more complicated, and finally comes clear as Corenna remembers everything. Everything. After Corenna recovers from being the core she
reveals Arah's past. The dramatic tension builds to where they're siblings with scary powers over technology, and the government took Corenna to begin Virtual.

Aren has powers over the physical world (and by light complications, Virtual.). Corenne has extreme control over Virtual, and once she learns to work with Aren, the pair are most powerful, until Corenne's influence weakens the farther from the Core of Virtual she gets.

A second approach to development of their abilities is how Corenne and Aren are the only ones who can be fully inside of Virtual and outside at the same time. Corenne is more restricted however.
In short this means that anything in the physical world can't affect you in Virtual, vice versa.



Game starts in prison with Aren laying in their prison cell. Players are given a minute to poke around before the buzzer. Time for breakfast.

Aren due to their notoriety with technology gets their own table to themselves, even the buff men of the place don't want anything to do with them unless they need something done. They rule the place.

Slight sabotage is the first mission, and then a getaway occurs. Aren is cocky and almost gets caught. He then escapes into virtual via digi-portal, his signature tech.